fix: Register doctrine enum type mapping to connection (#12190)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-08-29-add-doctrine-enum-type-mapping-registration.md

---
title: Add doctrine enum type mapping registration to connection
issue: 9651
author: Florian Kasper
author_email: fk@phoenix-corporation.biz
author_github: @flkasper
---

# Core

> * Register doctrine enum type mapping to connection
> * Revert "fix: Ignore tables with enums in definition validator as DBAL 3.x does not support enums (#7196)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new registration in Doctrines type mapping to the DBAL connection so that enums are considered as strings
```
